rough-first-draft_mentalho.md
Last modified: Mon Aug 30, 2021  02:57PM


# How to Make a Whore

"Excuse me you two, it's time for me to spend a moment in the WC." My
old friend Holly said, rising from the table with its white tablecloth
crumb-covered and splatter-painted with the minuscule remains of the
meal we had just enjoyed.

"Don't be long! You wouldn't want Athena and I to fall in love while
you were in the can. Think of the horror of that!" Owen, Holly's new
boyfriend, certainly was charming.

He had been doing that the whole evening --- managing to flirt with
both me and Holly at the same time. Turning his charm on me without
ever making Holly feel slighted. He certainly had a particular kind of
social talent. I think a lot of women, probably men too, are suckers for
that kind of charisma. Personally, I try to remain agnostic and judge a
person on their genuine merits, not the charm they turn on at a dinner
party. Judging a person fairly requires time to get to know them though.
So far, the only chance I've had to interact with Owen was over the last
two hours of this meal, and he certainly never turned the charm off.

Physically, he was a pleasure to look at. Tall, though you wouldn't
know it while he was seated. Graying at the temples. Dressed in a
well-tailored dress shirt that was of a color that matched the gray of
his temples, unbuttoned at the collar. The cloying fabric of the shirt
suggested he was a person who worked to keep his body fit --- when his
arm closed, his biceps were just large enough to strain against the
light cotton of the shirt arms. Normally, I don't go in for that kind
of thing. Don't get me wrong: I like an attractive, fit body. But I
think if you have to get that by spending half your life in a gym, you
are wasting that half of your life. The men I found attractive achieved
their fitness just by living -- hard work, or a commitment to a sport
they enjoy. Just keeping active doing day-to-day life stuff.

With Owen, it was hard to resist his toothy smile and sharp eyes though.
There's all kinds of attractiveness, and then there's the kind of
attractive we can all agree on. That was Owen.

"Athena! I need to ask your forgiveness." He said as soon as Holly was
out of ear shot.

"What for?" I asked with a little trepidation. "Not the comment about us
falling in love? That, my friend, is fucking ridiculous."

"Ha ha! No, not that. I need to ask your forgiveness for something I'm
_going_ to do, not something I have done already."

"I don't like the sound of that..."

"It's really not going to be as big a deal as it sounds. I have a little
proposition for you... and you can say no. And if you do say no, then I
ask your forgiveness."

"OK... I think I know where this is going."

Ugh. Here it comes. He's going to ask for a threesome. It's actually
something I would possibly consider --- I've always found Holly
attractive in that vague way that's more based on friendship and an
absence of disgust rather than the presence of desire. I'd hook up with
her, if we were drunk enough to use the drink as an excuse, and if
hooking up were something that would make her happy for some reason. But
I _hate_ it when these men think they are so charming and handsome that
they just assume they deserve a threesome with two beautiful women. I
also hate the whole _asking_ for a threesome. If it's going to happen it
has to just _happen_. Not be planned, certified, and documented.

"You think, do you?" He said, smiling. "Well then, here's my
proposition: go home tonight and find some time to yourself. Make
yourself cum. Make yourself cum thinking about me. It can be me in any
way you want me to be, but whatever it is, bring yourself to orgasm
_because_ of me. If you do that, I'll pay you $100. Is that what you
expected?"

It was not what I expected.

"Umm. That's an unusual proposition, certainly."

"You were thinking I was going to ask for a threesome? Certainly if
that were going to happen, you would be my first choice. But I don't
think Holly would appreciate some kind of _planned_ threesome. It has to
happen naturally, if it's going to happen, ya know?"

"I know." See? This is what I mean by his charm. It's like he knows what
you are thinking, and how to make the most of it. Meanwhile, I clearly
had no idea what he was thinking. "Look, I have nothing against sex
work. But your pursuing the wrong lady here, if for no other reason than
that is a young woman's game. I'm married! I have two kids. Three if you
count the one from my husband's first marriage. You can't just pay me
for sexual favors."

"What favor? You don't have to do anything _for_ me. Just think of me
while you do it for yourself."

"And then you probably want some detailed and explicit report that
you'll use for jack-off material or something?"

"Nope. Just let me know it's done, and the money is yours."

"Look, that's ridiculous. It's not going to happen. Heck, the threesome
was probably more likely."

"OK then. I ask your forgiveness. But... if, say, you change your mind,
here's my card."

Holly returned from the bathroom just then. I stashed the card quickly
so she wouldn't see it.

"You guys miss me?" She asked, slipping into the seat next to Owen and
giving him a fresh, toungey kiss.

--------------------

A few hours later I was home and in bed, stripped of the pleasant
restraint of business-casual evening wear. I was down to just my
pale blue panties. The bed spun slightly from the drinks I had with
dinner. Pleasantly buzzed, not sickeningly drunk. My husband, Mark, was
downstairs, engrossed in some dense 4-hour documentary news program
about the decaying political situation in some foreign land. I call
that stuff "vegetable TV" --- because it's like eating vegetables. I
liked some vegetables when I was in the mood, but post boozy dinner with
friends was not one of those times.

I lay in bed. It had been a warm summer evening out, so the dress I had
freed myself from was a light thing. It lay in a panty-matching blue
froth on the floor next to the bed. A fan set on low blew cool over my
skin. The breeze tickled my exposed nipples in a most pleasant way.

I thought about Owen and his charm. And his smile. And his proposition.
And I thought: fuck it. Maybe I'll give it a try.

I certainly didn't need the money. But I resolved I would use the money
to buy something that I absolutely did not need and would give me a
little pleasure of my own. Shoes or something. I would spoil myself. Or
perhaps it was letting Owen spoil me. Either way, I was in the mood to
be spoiled that evening.

I slid my hand down my belly, over the gentle curve where my babies had
been years ago. I slipped the tip of my fingers under the line of my
panties, and slowly, slowly down to my clit. With easy barely-touching,
stiff-fingered strokes, I rubbed myself. Just to see if anything was
happening, really.

It was going to take more than that though. I wasn't going to cum just
thinking about Owen's toothy smile. I thought about his arms. I've
always found shapely arms on men a turn-on. I thought about Owen's bicep
bulging against his shirt, the way the shirt would strain every time
he closed his elbow, or leaned on the table. But it was no good. There
simply wasn't enough there to overcome the warm comforting feelings I
had towards my husband.

Those feelings about Mark weren't exactly a
bend-you-over-and-get-fucked-from-behind-in-public kind of turn-on. We
might have had that kind of lust when were first started dating. Who can
even remember that long ago though? The feeling of safety and comfort I
had with my husband had been the foundation of my sex life for more than
10 years. It wasn't just going to put itself aside and let me have a
little no-strings-attached fantasy. Even for a few minutes.

I tried a different tack. I thought about how _wrong_ it was. I _am_
a filthy whore. I'm not doing this for any reason _but_ the money. I
wanted Owen's cold cash in my hand, so I'm ignoring my husband and
family just to be a little bitch and put my selfish needs before all
others.

I said it out loud, though quietly. "I'm such a bad fucking little
whore."

That worked. Hearing it for real in the room had the intended effect. My
pussy was getting wet against my fingers. Enough that I could hear the
slosh of them now as I rubbed them up and down. And that sound just made
it more real. A virtuous cycle.

I started to fuck myself harder. I found my clit with the flat end of
the tip of my fingers, and rolled around it in circles. I imagined
Owen's hands there instead of mine. He had big strong fingers ---
climber hands, with the meaty fingers that go along with being able to
suspend your weight by your fingers alone. He was into rock climbing.
Did I mention that? He certainly did --- at least three times over the
course of the evening.

In my head, Owen's fingers now thrust wetly against my clit. It felt
very good, and I could imagine getting fucked like this for a long time.
But my orgasm was still playing some annoying game of cat-and-mouse,
and it was the mouse, hiding off in some corner somewhere. I needed
something else to push me over the edge.

I closed my eyes, and focused on Owen. I brought him into the bed with
me. Pressing his body up against me. And then he started whispering in
my ear.

"Athena, your pussy is just lovely. I want your wetness all over my
fingers." His voice was soft and deep and resonant. It was all I needed.

My orgasm flooded up and through me. I gasped, sucking in air while
trying to remain quiet. I felt my fingers suddenly soaked, still moving
easily around my clit. My arm muscles were beginning to ache from
rubbing myself, but I almost couldn't even stop.

--------------------

I waited until the next day to text Owen.

Me: It's done.

Owen: Excellent. If you give me your address, I'll mail the money to
you.

The following day a plain envelope with no return address arrived.
Inside was a crisp new $100 bill enfolded in a small piece of note
paper. In a very square clean hand, entirely in small caps, Owen had
written:

_Athena. Holding up my end of the proposition. It also does not end
here. Any time you find thinking of me brings you to orgasm, let me know
and I will send you another one of these bills. Owen._

Well. That was quite the lucrative deal. If he was willing to pay out
for nothing but my word that I had done what he asked, who was I to not
take in as much running-around money as I could?

I thought about the fact that I could just lie to him and _say_ I had
cum thinking about him. But somehow --- maybe it was just that sense
that he seemed to always know what I was thinking at dinner that night
--- somehow it seemed like he would know if I lied. I decided I would
not lie about it. If I grew uncomfortable with the arrangement, I would
simply stop doing it.

For the next week I set aside a little time every night to think about
Owen and make myself cum. It quickly got much easier to reach orgasm.
A little disconcertingly, the hangups from my feelings for my husband
seemed to fade away and no longer were much of an obstacle in my quest
to find an orgasm with Owen in mind.

This reached a kind of apotheosis a week later when my husband came up
to bed in the mood to fuck. We kissed softly for a while, as was our
way, and then he started to touch my nipples and pussy. The old familiar
sense of safety and comfort was still there, and I could feel myself
getting wet, getting ready to take my man into me.

I spread my legs, lifting them up and around his back and that familiar
and comforting cock slid into me. I tried to look into his eyes as he
entered me, to let him know how much I loved the feeling of him entering
into me. But he had his eyes closed as a long, low moan escaped from his
lips.

Mark started to fuck me with long, deep, slow strokes. It felt
wonderful. Really. I'm not just saying that. After a whole week of
cumming against my fingers, I needed his cock in me.

"Fuck me harder baby. I love having you inside me." I said to him, with
as much earnestness as I could put dripping into my voice. He mustered
up some more energy and put his back into it, using the full length of
his shaft, penetrating right up into me, smacking hard up against my
clit.

I rolled him over and got on top of him. I kissed him, and then sat up,
running my palms back across his chest as I sank down onto his cock. It
was so good to feel that piece rising up inside me, splitting me wide. I
started fucking him slowly, coming up and down along his shaft.

And then --- and I'm not really sure how this happened, it wasn't
deliberate --- Owen kind of popped into my head. It was his voice again.
At least at first. I could hear his low voice whisper in my ear: some
terribly filthy thing about how he wanted his whore to cum --- while
stuffing a big wad of cash into my small hand.

My pussy soaked.

I closed my eyes, and leaned my head back. And I was fucking my husband,
but the truth was I was fucking Owen. I couldn't control myself. I went
wild on my husband's cock, rolling my hips forward, sliding my pussy up,
and then plunging it back down. I ground my hips back and forth, forcing
my clit against my husband's body, working it on his form. My heart rate
went up to a nice aerobic level.

My tits were bouncing up and down. I grabbed them, and squeezed my
nipples between my fingers. But they were Owen's fingers. Big, meaty,
climber fingers relentlessly twisting my nipples. And it was Owen's cock
inside me. And now he was cumming inside me, with so much cum I could
swear I could feel it gushing in me.

The thought of Owen's orgasm made me cum too, a screaming-loud orgasm
that I shouted up at the ceiling while my hips kept grinding away at my
husband.

I lost my ability to stay upright and collapsed next to my husband,
every muscle trembling. I threw a warm arm across his sweaty chest.

"Jesus Athena. That was fantastic. What got into you?"

"I don't know Mark. Sometimes, you're just in the right mood, you know?"

--------------------

I texted Owen the next day to confirm that I had orgasmed thinking of
him again. By coincidence that same day when I opened the envelope that
had come with the $100 for the previous day's orgasm, Owen had upped the
ante in his note.

_Athena. If you have a soaking wet squirting orgasm while thinking of
me, I will pay you $200._

I was feeling weird about what had happened the previous night with my
husband. I decided that this little game had probably gone far enough,
and I would ignore this new level to the proposition. I burned the
little note and dropped it in a sewer grate.

That night I did nothing of a sexual nature. I kissed Mark and went to
sleep fairly early with a quiet conscience. But if I'm being honest
with myself, I have to admit that in recent years my libido has been
steadily increasing. I find myself horny all the time! I suspect this
is something like what it must be to be an 18 year old boy. I feel some
sympathy for those poor kids. How does anyone get anything done when
there's sex to be had?

At work the next day I was entirely distracted. Not by any particular
thing, just in that way that I really wanted to get fucked, and so
anything that reminded me of sex drew my attention away from what I was
supposed to be working on. I couldn't take my eyes off men in suits that
I passed on my walk into the office. And the curve of my coworker's ass
in a fine black wool pair of slacks set me back half an hour. Even when
my assistant came in and leaned over a bit to hand me a proof to review
--- and I could see the swelling curve down her low-cut dress as if
she wanted to tempt me to look there --- even that, though not exactly
sexually stimulating for me, left me thinking of how much some dude
would like to jizz all over those nice plump tits.

By the time I got home, I was kind of a mess. It felt like the day was
missing something, and I realized after dinner that the missing thing
was the envelope with money in it from Owen. I had got one every day
the preceding week, but not that day. I knew I shouldn't have expected
one, since I had not texted Owen the day before. No work, no pay. But it
definitely left my day feeling incomplete.

As soon as I got the kids fed and off watching TV or playing video games
for the evening, I cornered Mark in our bedroom. I pushed him to sit
on the bed. Not even bothering with niceties like kissing, I dropped
straight to my knees and hurriedly unzipped his pants and took out his
swelling cock.

He leaned back with a dumb grin on his face.

I took the head of his cock in my mouth and quickly got it slobberingly
wet. I didn't look up at him while I sucked him in as deeply as I could.
I only used my mouth because at the same time I was slipping my panties
down under the blue A-line dress I had wore to work that day.

With my panties down to my knees, I kept sliding my lips up and down my
husband's dick while I fingered my pussy with one hand. With my free
hand I groped blindly in the bedside drawer for my vibrator. It was a
smallish and light-blue. The silicon type, with a nice little curve at
the end. I desperately got it turned on and between my legs. With a
groan stifled by Mark's cock, I pressed the quakey little pleasure up
against my clit. This finally gave me a free hand to grab Mark's cock
at the base. I started stroking him from the bottom, and continuing the
stroke up the shaft with my lips right to the tip --- before plunging
back down to almost gag-depth.

Now, I like to use my vibrator when I give my husband a blow job. It's a
regular part of our lovemaking. I like to cum with his cock in my mouth,
preferably at the same time he floods my mouth. But normally, I just rub
it a bit against my clit. That's all it takes to make me cum when I've
got his lovely, comforting cock in my mouth.

But on this occasion, I subtly twisted that little vibe around, and
slipped it up inside my pussy. I closed my eyes, and suddenly I wasn't
just sucking off my husband, I was getting fucked by Owen from behind as
well. The two men were fucking me from each end. I was turning slowly on
a stick over a steaming fire.

Owen pushed into me from behind, and his thrust drove me down my
husband's cock until I was lightly choking. I pushed back hard against
Owen, and he retreated. My pussy liquefied and melted. Hot gobs of
smoking meat juices dripped off and burst into bright shooting-star
flames on their way down, to be consumed before they hit the smoldering
earth.

I came.

My pussy clenched around my vibrator which was Owen's cock. I rolled
my hips forward involuntarily. The motion of it forced by whole body
forward and I went down hard on Mark's cock. He came then too. I felt
myself explode, and liquid gushed out all over my fingers and soaked the
inside of my thighs. At the same time Mark's cum washed down my throat,
like a flash flood coming into a retention pond and raising the level
until it poured over the retaining wall.

And I knew if Owen had really been in my pussy, he too would have been
orgasming at that same moment. No man would be able to resist that
rolling, clenching, gushing little cauldron of mine.

--------------------

The next morning, the first thing I did when I woke up was text Owen
again:

Me: Done. 💦💦

And the following day, the small envelope I was craving arrived, with
two crisp, new $100 bills in it this time. They were wrapped in another
note upping the ante once again:

_Athena. I appreciate all the fine work you are doing for me. That is
why I am giving you yet more responsibility. Make yourself orgasm while
thinking of me fucking you in the ass, and I will pay you $300. Owen._

By this time, I was completely lost in the churning machine that was
Owen's will. That evening during my alone time, I got my trusty little
vibrator out, and turned it to its highest setting. I lubed it, and slid
it slowly up my ass. And then I lay face down on the bed, with my little
friend buzzing deep inside me. I fingered my pussy and thought about
Owen being over me, his cock filling me up, the weight of his taut,
muscled body pushing me down. Making me feel so completely full of him.

I came biting my pillow and stifling my moans while my body writhed
uncontrollably against the cotton quilt of the bedspread.

Owen's machine had completed one more revolution, the next morning I
texted him again:

Me: 🍑 Done.

And then I went into work.

But at work, I again spent the day distracted. And this time, it was not
by random things, but by very specific, very dirty thoughts about the
man Owen himself. I couldn't keep him out of my mind.

I realized I needed to fuck him for real.

Late in the afternoon, I texted him:

Me: I think I need to see you tonight. Is that possible?

Owen: Surely. Meet me at that same place we had dinner with Holly.
Around 8?

Me: Thank you. I mean it.

I then texted some totally thin excuse for why I would be home late to
my husband.

I got out of work with plenty of time to make it to the restaurant. At
8pm I had been sitting at the bar for about an hour, nursing a cocktail
and trying to look sexy, but not too eager. Owen came in promptly at 8pm
--- he was a gentleman, not a rock star. He was not going to make his
fans wait for it with some lame notion of building anticipation. On the
other hand, he didn't look rushed either. He stepped into the restaurant
and casually checked his phone for a few minutes before looking up and
catching my eye.

He smiled that smile with all the teeth and came over and sat down next
to me, brushing his leg against mine as he slipped into the narrow gap
between bar stools. He looked better than I remembered, possibly because
he was dressed in a dark finely-cut suit this time. Though it was also
possible I had simply forgotten how attractive he was. Remember: I only
met this guy once before and haven't seen or spoken to him in more than
a week.

"Athena. I honestly did not expect to see you again. Even with our
little game."

"Little game? You mean your devious and calculated plan?"

"Do I need to ask for your forgiveness?"

"What I need from you is a release."

"Oh really?"

"I mean a release from this contract, or whatever you want to call it. I
can't hold up my end anymore. It's interfering with my life."

"Ah. Forgive me for that, then. But a contract is a two-way thing. You
could end it any time you want."

"Really... I can't." I lifted my eyes to his at that moment, and those
razor eyes of his were already seeking mine. That is when I truly
surrendered.

Twenty minutes later we had abandoned half-finished drinks at the bar,
and gotten a room in the hotel above the restaurant. I pushed him
quickly into the room, and started stripping his suit off him; pulling
the jacket back by the sleeves, loosening his tie, unbuttoning his
shirt. All this was just the interstitial action between long sloppy wet
kisses.

The room was high up, maybe 10 stories. It had those big
floor-to-ceiling windows that seem to be mandatory in modern luxury
hotel rooms. It looked out on a lovely view of the other buildings
between there and the river. We left the lights on. Anyone in any of
those office buildings or residential towers would be able to see us.

I pushed him back on the bed and got on top of him. I kissed him for
a while, and then leaned back and rolled my hips, grinding my pussy
against the bulge in his pants.

But... something wasn't quite right. I wasn't as turned on as I thought
I would be. For a moment I thought maybe it was that sense of wrongness
of cheating on my husband that was mentally getting in the way of what
my body wanted. But I took a moment to consider that and decided no,
that wasn't it. I had put that issue aside a week ago.

I slowed my grinding down, breathing heavily.

Owen look up at me. "What's wrong?"

"I'm... not sure."

I slowly got off him, and lowered my self to my knees on the edge of the
bed. I unzipped his pants and look out his long lovely soft-skinned,
hard-souled cock. I put my lips on it, and started to suck him gently. I
put on hand down my panties. I was hardly wet at all.

I lifted my head, slowly stroking his big cock with my little hand while
I looked up at him with an escaping sigh.

"What? What is it? Do you feel guilty or something?"

I closed my eyes, and searched my feelings.

Fuck.

"Fuck. I do know what it is."

"What?"

"Before I get turned on, before I get wet for you, I need to know you
are going to fucking pay me. You motherfucker. You totally made me your
fucking whore."



